it is not as it was the Jedi Council has
changed but perhaps that is for the best
we were wondering when you would arrive
this moment has taken some time to reach
us and I imagine you have many questions
he should have told him the truth
a Jedi deserves to know or perhaps you
come for a bit
I see you have failed to grasp the
nature of the enemy we face where Jedi
gather Jedi die but not just Jedi bold
things touched by the force the last
Jedi Conclave was on qatar emiri luka
colony and all of qatar was destroyed
all of the Jedi killed including masters
our master and our a Jedi doesn't care
if he dies everyone does but when we
fight when we sacrifice ourselves it is
for others but a greater good but our
presence must not endanger others and as
long as we were visible targets we were
a threat to everything around us there
was a gathering of Jedi on the planet
when we realized that something was
attacking us we resolved to meet
secretly to attempt to find this threat
then the talk
when we felt Katara died there is
something we felt something we felt once
before an echo in the force
we'd felt it before when you stood
before us whatever this threat
whatever this hunger is it is something
tied to you something you have
experienced directly this echo travels
in the places where death has walked
where planets have died massacres fuel
its power the death of life fuels it
no we do not believe so but it is tidy
somehow I felt it on dachshund and it
was in the ground
Dantooine echoed in the ruins and
Korriban and the wastelands of Telos
we've been trying for years without
success whatever disturbance in the
force that would cause death on such a
scale also clouds it from our sight it
is like a scream in the force and
finding its source is difficult it is
cast many echoes though we sought out
places touched by the force by such
events we went to Dantooine to t loss
the dachshund and some of us just left
without the enemy might show themselves
they were sick that much was certain but
where they were striking from we did not
know we cast you out of the order
because you followed revin to war there
was no other reason no there was another
become difference about
changed you are no longer a Jedi but we
could not tell you why some explanations
mean nothing unless the one who suffers
comes to the answer on their own what
had happened to you was punishment
enough and the Jedi do not kill their
prisoners and if you had stayed you
would have changed us in that we could
not allow he still does not know he has
travelled all this time
never reached his destination the
answers already been shown to you look
at who you travel with
you notice that when you act
others follow those that travel with you
they follow you without question without
hesitation against their instincts and
sometimes against the sense you draw
them to you and your actions affect them
strongly it is because you are a leader
but that still fails to grasp the
meaning of what I'm trying to tell you
it is not an easy thing to explain
surely you're familiar with four spawns
it is the bond that develops between
apprentice and master when one truly
understands another it is developed over
time through understanding of each other
such bonds can happen at times of great
conflict or when another Jedi dies close
to another
it echoes if you do it so easily you do
not know
you make connections through the force
and it resonates with those who travel
with you the resonance is even greater
when they too are force sensitive your
actions affect others more than you know
you draw others to you especially those
strong in the force when you suffer
their spirit echoes it and when they are
in pain their pain becomes yours
this bond it travels both ways when you
feel pain or strong emotion it resonates
within you and that is why Malik or
echoes within you still
we did not cut you off from the force
you were merely deafened to it because
of that last battle of the Mandalorian
Wars the screams of countless thousands
Jedi and Mandalorians crushed by the
planets gravity annihilated their lives
still scream across the surface of that
dead planet and within you you are
sensitive to such things
you have a deep connection to life
around you and when that life dies then
you suffer their screams become your
screams and the screams of a thousand
Jedi dying the screams of an entire
people dying are more than anyone who
can feel the force can bear for one such
as you feels life so strongly who make
such connections so easily the silence
you heard within yourself after Malick
or was not silence it is dead so loud as
to deafen you
you carry all those lives with you still
the force of such pain but is not
possible it was too much for any Jedi to
endure and it is a wonder that you did
not die there when thousands perished
all those who had fought with and
struggled with you cut yourself off
because you had to if you were to
survive you had hints of it in the war
on dachshund Malik or was simply the
final blow
you are definite last you could hear you
were broken
you will need home you would learn and
at last you so when you return to us we
saw what had happened you carry all
those deaths at Malik or within you and
it has left a hole longer that cannot be
filled that emptiness we felt in you we
saw a wound and the force in you we saw
the end of the force